In general, there are few, if any,
edge cases for not using encryption.
With performance being at or near unencrypted levels,
it makes sense to encrypt everything.
One item comes to mind that is still not quite
where it needs to be with encryption, and that's e-mail.
It was not designed to be secure.
There are many moving parts, various clients, servers,
devices, and ISPs involved,
and those may or may not support encryption.
You have to find a way to share your public key,
and if it's by e-mail,
that has to be unencrypted, at least to begin with.
Generally, only the attachments are encrypted,
not the body of the e-mail.
If the person receiving the message has
poor operational security and leaves their phone unattended,
the information is easily leaked.
Encryption fatigue.
It isn't uncommon for senders and recipients to get fed
up trying to use encrypted e-mail and revert back to plain texts.
Having said all that,
if personal or sensitive data is being transmitted and you are a compliant organization,
you must use encryption.